Added small tip regarding query params (#538)
vapor/docs: 4.0/docs/routing.md

!!! tip
    We can be sure that `req.parameters.get` will never return `nil` here since our route path includes `:name`. However, if you are accessing route parameters in middleware or in code triggered by multiple routes, you will want to handle the possibility of `nil`.

!!! tip

>     If you want to get params like `/hello/?name=foo` you will need to use Vapor's Content APIs to handle URL encoded data in the URL's query string. Example `let name: String? = req.query["name"]`. See [`Content` reference](https://docs.vapor.codes/4.0/content/) for more details.

Reviewer: Nit - this should be expanded out a bit to make it explicit:

```suggestion
    If you want to retrieve URL query params, e.g. `/hello/?name=foo` you need to use Vapor's Content APIs to handle URL encoded data in the URL's query string. See [`Content` reference](https://docs.vapor.codes/4.0/content/) for more details.
```
